hop in.
Okay, come on.
Ouch.
You fool
Still holding
You don't know yet
Jiang Li this slut
Went to a room with another man last night
It's all in the newspaper, huh?
This soft rice eater deserves to be green
Sue them for libel
you
Check out all the illegal issues of the Su family industry
Rotten in prison
Yeah what go away
What are you doing, let go, let go
Release release
loosen
I am the future father-in-law of your president
That's right, let you eat and walk around
In stock, he's my president.
Isn't this a special work of the Shen Group?
Is it special?
Could it be that Mr. Shen took away Jiangling?
What? Shen Nuo is out?
He also took away that bitch Gangneung
He also sued Su Yaruo and Dr. Su
Tell me what good thing you did again
What did I do to you?
Mr. Shen has rejected you so many times
You still don't give up
I have to provoke Mr. Shen's wife
A word from Mr. Shen
Our Baishi Group confiscated a full 1 billion
Market Cap